In this section, we'll go over how the Ethereum community proposes improvements,
and how that affects the smart contract development best practices.
The list of Ethereum improvement proposals,
or EIPs, can be found on Ethereum's GitHub repository.
Anyone can propose a new EIP.
That EIP then goes through a review process by anyone in the Ethereum community.
I encourage you to look through some of the open EIPs,
and see if you can provide valuable feedback to
the review process because you're all now part of the Ethereum community.
Let's explore the more readable view for all EIPs.
An EIP is one of these types.
We will focus on exploring ERCs,
which are applicational standards and conventions.
Here we'll see a list of all ERC/EIPs and their statuses.
Let's look at some of the accepted ones.
One of the most important ERCs is the ERC-20.
Ethereum is the largest, tougher, pretty tokens.
Ethereum makes it really easy for anyone to create
their own token cryptocurrency with a simple smart contract.
Unfortunately, before there was a standard of how to write
these tokens smart contracts in order for a marketplace,
service, or an exchange to add these custom tokens,
they would need to know the contract interface for each token.
So, the Ethereum community decided to create a standard or an interface,
that would dictate higher smart contract for token should be written.
This last marketplace, exchanges,
or services, to easily interact with it.
In short, ERC-20 is an interface that
proposes how token smart contracts should be written.
ERC-20 tokens are fungible, like money.
If I wanted to spend a dollar,
it doesn't matter if I spent this dollar bill or that dollar bill,
as the value of all dollar bills is the same.
Non-fungible assets are distinguishable assets that are unique,
like land, artwork, or collectibles.
Just as we have a way to represent wealth with non-fungible assets in the real world,
we have a way to do that with Ethereum as well.
The standard to represent non-fungible tokens is called ERC-721,
and it looks like this.
The authors of this proposal wanted to create an interface
that represented all possible distinguishable assets on Ethereum,
like physical property, virtual collectibles,
or even negative assets like debt.
This means that in order for us to make a collection,
undistinguishable stars for a star notary that is a true non-fungible asset on Ethereum,
we must follow this standard.
Let's go ahead and implement the ERC-721 standard,
so we can use it for our star notary service.